Python Lab Assignments


Assignment 1 ->
1. Write a python program to add two numbers.
2. Write a python program to find remainder when a number is divided by z. 
3. Check the type of the variable assigned using input () function.
4. Use comparison operator to find out whether a given variable 'a' is greater than 'b' or not. Take a=34, b=80.
5. Write a python program to find the f of two numbers entered by the users.
6. Write a python program to calculate square of a number entered by the user.


Assignment 2 ->
1. Write a python program to determine whether a person with eligible to vote or not.
2. Write a python program to find larger of two numbers 
3. Write a python program to find the given number is even or Odd
4. Write a python program to find the given years is a leap year or not 
5. Write a python program to find whether the given number is positive , negative or equal to zero 
6. Write a python program to find greater number from the three given number


Assignment 3 ->
1. Write a program to print first 10 even numbers in reverse order.
2. Write a program to print table of a number accepted from user.
3. Write a program to find the factorial of a number.
4. Write a program to print all prime numbers that fall between two numbers including both (accept two numbers from the user)
5. Write a program that keep on accepting number from the user until user enters Zero. Display the sum and average of all the numbers.
6. Write a program to print the following pattern
	5 5 5 5 5
	4 4 4 4
	3 3 3
	2 2
	1


Assignment 5 ->
0. Write a Python program to find factorial using while loop.
1. Write a Python program to print Fibonacci series.
2. Write a Python Program to check the Armstrong or not. 
3. Write a Python program to print Odd numbers and Even numbers from 1 to 50 using for loop.
4. Write a Python program to reverse a number using loop.
5. Write a Python program to demonstrate break and continue statements.
6. Write a python program to check the number is super or not.


Assignment 6 ->
0. Count Even and Odd Numbers in a Tuple.
1. Find Maximum and Minimum without built-in Tuple.
2. Write a Code to Reverse a Tuple.
3. Write a Code to Check if Element is Exists or not.
4. Write a code to analysis the Student Marks.(average)
5. Write a code to find Second Largest Element in Tuple.
6. Write a Codeto sort the values in Tuple.(Mannual Sorting)
